[Music]
very good family How are you? I hope
you had a brutal night,
attentive because this news is
spectacular and I think it's going to be
talked about all day. It turns out
that they sent me these photographs of
Agustín Etienne with a woman
celebrating their anniversary just
two weeks ago people sent it to me
scandalized because they realized
that everything he's doing with
Olga is a montage what happens is that the
reality is that they are celebrating the
anniversary of working together okay this
woman is called Beatriz Jardín, she's a
television presenter,
collaborating journalist and Well, a little bit of an
influencer too, right? And Agustín
also has her among his representatives
So nothing good you sent me
this that you scared me a little
because you sent me the screenshot and
when I went into the girl's Instagram
to impress, I
found the photograph I
found the comments also
saying that they were a couple Congratulations
couple hearts also verified people
Uh, I mean, like it scares me, I
said yes this is like it hasn't come to
light but no no  It's not our anniversary of
working together, okay? So for now
we're calm. A hug, family, and
until the next video.
[Music]